rm outdated info in guard guide (#407)
CoboGlobal/product-manual: en/guard/manage.mdx

- **My Public Key** <img src="/en/images/cobo-guard/common/icon_key.svg" className="icon"></img>

View and copy your Auth Key and TSS Node ID.

> - Auth Key: Used to identify Cobo Guard in scenarios such as multi-factor authentication (MFA), operation approvals, and troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Auth Key: Used to help Cobo verify your identity in scenarios such as multi-factor authentication (MFA), operation approvals, and troubleshooting.
```

Reviewer: 中文也要对应更改，这个主要是让 Cobo 帮助客户 troubleshoot 的时候能找到客户的 identify

> - TSS Node ID: Used to identify private key shares in scenarios such as signing transactions. If you do not have private key shares, ignore this information.

Reviewer: Used to identify **private key shares** 这个可以跟 Yichun 确认下吗？照我们 Cobo Guard 视频稿的话，这边可以说 Used to serve as a unique identifier in various scenarios, such as signing transactions.，但是不是具体是 identify your key share 需要确认下

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b6ad854-bb50-4789-935a-a0bbb7c4f7aa)

Reviewer: ok!
